WIP: ACM-11775 (needs issue links-peer edits) (#6487)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/scale_nodepool_hosted_ibmz.adoc

For an output example, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html/installing/installing-on-ibm-z-and-ibm-linuxone#installation-operators-config_installing-ibm-z[Initial Operator configuration] section in the {ocp-short} documentation.

> [#destroying-hosted-clusted-x86bm-ibmz]

Reviewer: To be consistent with other documentation in this repo, this task should be moved to its own file. For an example, see https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.11_stage/clusters/hosted_control_planes/destroy_cluster_kubevirt.adoc.

== Destroying a hosted cluster on `x86` bare metal with IBM Z compute nodes

> . Run the following command to scale the `NodePool` object to zero (0) nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to scale the `NodePool` object to 0 nodes:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc -n ${clusters_namespace} scale nodepool ${nodepool_name} --replicas 0

Reviewer: Be sure to format user-replaced variables correctly. Are `${clusters_namespace}` and ${nodepool_name}` supposed to be XML? You can see guidance about how to format user-replaced values in the Red Hat supplementary style guide: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-replaced-values-xml

----

+

> After scaling the nodepool to 0 , the compute nodes will get detached from the hosted cluster. If the computed nodes are not detached from the hosted cluster or stuck in `Notready` state, delete the compute nodes manually by running the following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you scale the node pool to 0, the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster. If the compute nodes are not detached from the hosted cluster or remain in a `Notready` state, manually delete the compute nodes by running the following command: 
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc --kubeconfig ${hosted_clusted_name}.kubeconfig delete node <comopute_node_name>

Reviewer: See previous comment about user-replaced variables.

----

+

> . Verify the compute nodes status by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify the status of the compute nodes by entering the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc --kubeconfig <hosted_cluster_name>.kubeconfig get nodes
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
After the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster, the status of the agents changes to `auto-assign`.
```

> . Delete the agents from the cluster 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+

> After the compute nodes are detached from the hosted cluster, the status of the agents is changed to `auto-assign`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Delete the agents from the cluster by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the agents from the cluster by running the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc -n ${hosted_control_plane_namespace} delete agent <agent_name>

Reviewer: See previous comment about user-replaced variables.

----

+

> **Note:** You can delete the Virtual Machines that you created as agents after deleting the agents from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can delete the virtual machines that you created as agents after you delete the agents from the cluster.
```

> . Destroy the hosted control plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Run the following command using the hypershift command-line to destroy the hosted control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to destroy the hosted control plane:
```
The hypershift CLI is not supported in the official documentation. Do you mean the hosted control planes `hcp` command line interface?

+
[source,bash]
----

> hcp destroy cluster agent --name ${hosted_cluster_name} --namespace ${clusters_namepsace}

Reviewer: See earlier comment about properly formatting user-replaced variables.
